The perspective is true orthogonal, directly from the side.

Player Character; idle, moving, jumping, falling, being damaged, holding onto a vine, climbing up a vine(?), jumping from a vine(?), holding up arm straight /w fingers streched (a la Iron Man http://tinyurl.com/c367jhv )

Pedestal the gloves are going to be on when the player initially acquires them
Anti-light (black?) glove to be on top of the pedestal
Light (white?) glove to be on top of the pedestal
Switch with two different states, both on and off. Cam should have uploaded the related sfx to the repo, listen to them.
Point Light 
Spot Light (For both of the lights, maybe create the assets as if they were attached to the back wall (so they won't appear like they're floating?))


(Maybe all plants could have an idle animation, at least when they are in grown/active state?)
Vine Plant (Like all other plants, two colors and shrunk/grown states) (Grown states need to be of varying length, repeating texture??) 
Attacker Plant (The attacker plant will be docile (i.e not attack anything) when it's under it's activator light. Would be cool to have a very docile-looking idle anim, to let the player know that it's not a threat? (Stretch?))
Blocker Plant
Shooter Plant
Platform Plant

Light Pellet 
Anti-Light Pellet (Stretch Goal?)

The general setting is an abandoned/overgrown research facility in the near future.

You may want to make the surface areas be heavily dilapidated concrete with patches of soil visible to justify stuff growing on it.
The part of the surface textures farthest from the surface should slowly fade to black, so putting a right facing surface tile to the right of a left-facing surface tile would not look bad.
Need pitch-black tiles for non-interactable tiles that sit between surfacesthat are not adjacent.

Background could be similar, delapidated concrete, not too much lab stuff cluttering the background (because we may be attaching point light and spot lights in various locations)
I think that having backgrounds as full pieces instead of a bunch of modular tiles would result in an increase in quality that will be worth the effort. We won't need a unique bg for every level,
maybe just 3 that will cycle through? (Stretch goal, just get 1 bg done for now)

Health Bar (I was thinking of a single, continous red bar inside of a steel-y grayish box that gets shorter as the player gets damaged.)

"You Died, Retry?" Screen

Title Screen
Credits
Options(I'm not sure if this applies, better just ask Steve)
End Screen (What would this be?)